The term "fuzzy" refers to something that is vague or not very clear. Fuzzy logic is a system that is applied to scenarios where it is difficult to categorize states as a binary true or false. Fuzzy logic can incorporate intermediate values like partially true and partially false. It can be implemented across a wide range of devices, from small micro-controllers to large IT systems. Fuzzy logic tries to mimic human-like decision-making, which can incorporate all values in between true and false. The rules of fuzzy logic are sets of if-then statements that decide the event occurrence based on conditions. These converted inputs are passed on to the control system for further processing. The output of the fuzzy logic system are crisp inputs. The membership function defines how input to the fuzzy system is mapped to values between 0 and 1. The input is usually termed as the universe (U), as it can contain any value.The Triangular Membership function is the most commonly used Membership Function. Fuzzy Logic is especially useful when you want to mimic human-like thinking in a control system. It is designed to deal with uncertainties and is proficient in finding out inferences from the conclusion. The algorithm of a Fuzzy Logic System involves defining all the variables and terms which will be acting as input to the Fuzzy System, creating a Membership Function for the System, creating a Rule-Base which will be mapped to each input, converting normal input into fuzzy input, evaluating the result from the membership function, combining all the results obtained from the Individual Ruleset, and converting the output fuzzy set into Crisp input (Defuzzification). Fuzzy Logic is being adopted across all major industries, but Automotive remains the major adopter.Fuzzy logic is a type of artificial intelligence that uses inputs like speed, acceleration, and momentum to make decisions. Nissan is using fuzzy logic to control the fuel injection and ignition in its vehicles, and Mitsubishi is using it to manage elevator traffic more efficiently. Nippon Steel is using fuzzy logic to mix different types of cement to make a more durable product. Fuzzy logic is also being used in the chemical industry for processes like pH control, drying, and distillation. It can be combined with artificial neural networks to mimic how the human brain works.Fuzzy Logics are mathematical concepts used to solve real-world problems. They are efficient and do not need a lot of data, but they can be inaccurate. They also lack the ability to learn from mistakes. Fuzzy Logic provides an alternative way to approach problems in the computing world.Fuzzy logic is a type of logic that allows for approximate, rather than precise, reasoning. This can be beneficial in situations where exact reasoning is difficult or impossible, such as in machine learning. However, fuzzy logic also has its limitations, including inaccuracy and the inability to learn from failures.