This AI ML certification course from E&ICT Academy and NIT Warangal will help you learn Python, Predictive Analytics, ML, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing(NLP), Sequence Learning, etc. The course provides hands-on experience on 20+ industry projects, 100+ case studies.This course provides students with exposure to industry-level assignments and projects, with a focus on artificial intelligence and machine learning. The course is accredited by the E&ICT Academy, NIT Warangal, and students will receive a certificate upon completion. The course is designed by NITW faculty and includes 100+ case studies and 20+ projects.Edureka offers an immersive learning experience that is unmatched by other online platforms. Their curriculum is designed by top 10 institutes in India and is relevant to the current industry/job market. They offer career guidance and placement support to help you get a job in a top company. Their live instructor-led online classes are by industry experts and they offer support even after the course is completed.Edureka offers a comprehensive online learning experience that is designed to help you get a job in today's competitive market. The curriculum is designed by top institutes in India and professors from NITW, and offers lifetime access to the learning management system and Edureka support. You will also receive a diploma from E&ICT Academy, NIT Warangal & Edureka that is recognized globally.The Artificial Intelligence course online by Edureka includes live and interactive webinar sessions with an industry expert, guidance on creating an effective resume and LinkedIn profile, and advice on preparing for an AI interview.Mock Interview Sessions Month 8 In AI and ML courses sessions, the learners can take part in mock interview sessions with industry experts to gain hands-on experience in real-life technical rounds, HR round, and more.Learners will also get constructive feedback and tips from the experts.Their successful journey into the professional world is an inspiration for all of us and we take pride in it.The individual in the text found the AI and ML courses at Edureka to be very beneficial in upskilling themselves and staying relevant with the latest trends and technologies. They found the trainers to be very knowledgeable and skilled, and overall had a positive experience with the program. They recommend it for anyone who is looking to enroll in an AI and ML course.The AI and ML course created by NIT-W and Edureka was very much apt & in-depth. It gave us a great head-start into the world of AI & ML. I would like to thank the entire team of NIT-Warangal and Edureka for their efforts.The AI and ML Course program at NIT Warangal is a comprehensive program that covers all topics from basic to advanced levels. The program includes live online classes conducted by NIT Warangal faculty and industry experts, as well as 24x7 expert support and lifetime access to materials. Overall, the AI online course program is a good experience.Edureka's PGP in AI and Machine Learning is one of the best AI courses out there for getting started with Machine Learning Training. The AI and ML course covers the basics of Deep Learning from scratch along with assignments, tests, and industry-grade capstone projects. Once you enroll in this AI online course program, you will learn everything about AI and Machine Learning.Edureka's AI and Machine Learning course has helped Abhishek Prasad transition from electrical engineering to the AI-ML domain smoothly. He is grateful for the 24/7 support team that helped him resolve doubts and issues related to the coursework. Dr. DVLN Somayajulu, Course Advisor for the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, served as a mentor and influencer throughout the program.Dr. V Ravindranath is a professor of computer science and engineering at the National Institute of Technology (NIT) in Warangal, India. He has also served as the Chair of Electronics & ICT Academy at NIT Warangal from 2016-19. Presently, he is working as the Director of IIIT, Design and Manufacturing, Kurnool in Andhra Pradesh. Dr. Ravindranath has guided three students for Ph.D. degrees and many students for M.Phil degrees in the areas of Operations Research and Statistics. He has published many papers in national and international journals and has co-authored a textbook on "Mathematical Methods" for engineering students. He is also a resource person for many faculty development programs sponsored by UGC, DST, and TEQIP, etc. that are organized at NIT Warangal and other engineering colleges. His area of research is Operations Research and Decision Sciences.Dr. M Srinivas and Dr. P Radha Krishna are both course advisors in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at NIT Warangal. Dr. Srinivas' research interests include data mining, sequential patterns, temporal data mining, fuzzy data mining, and big data analytics. He has also served as a post-doctoral researcher at various institutions, including the Department of Computer Science at ETS, University of Quebec, Canada, and the Institute of Information Science at Academia Sinica, Taiwan. Dr. Radha Krishna has been working in the research, development, and technology adoption field for 28 years. His current position is Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at NIT Warangal.Jitendra Upadhyay is a senior data scientist with research interests in data mining, big data, machine learning, and databases and workflow systems. He is a firm believer in data-driven management, and his specialties include deep learning for NLP, computer vision, and genomics and biomedicine. Sai Charan Tej Kommuri is a product manager with 12+ years of experience in building B2B and B2C products powered by automation and machine learning. He is currently building virtual assistants and chatbots that provide a hands-free conversational UX interface to end-users. Mukul Jain is a lead data scientist with experience in the financial services industry. He loves researching the history of complex mathematical concepts using machine learning and participating in brain-lifting challenges.This text contains information about two individuals who work in the field of data science and information technology. Ankit Jain is a data science professional with 12+ years of experience, and Awanish Golwara is a lead platform engineer with 18+ years of experience. Both individuals are alumni of IIT (Indian Institute of Technology) schools and have published articles in peer-reviewed journals.Shirish Singh is a Decision Science and Advanced Analytics mentor with 18+ years of experience in data science. Apoorv Vishnoi is a Corporate Trainer with 10+ years of work experience and 7+ years of experience in Python training for data science, machine learning, and deep learning. Venkat Vatsavayi is a Lead Data Scientist with a Master's Degree in Computer Science and experience working in the USA.The candidate is a data science professional with 7+ years of experience in data analysis, modeling, algorithm development, machine learning, and deep learning. He has led a team in developing an Operations Research program for the US Air Force, and has been certified by IBM as a Data Science Professional. He has also been certified by Carnegie Mellon University as a CMMi Software Quality Professional. During his career, he has helped streamline processes and workflows and has successfully established offshore business units. He has also been involved in various projects, such as designing AI suite of products using Mask R-CNN framework and conducting extensive research on revenue management and pricing analytics in the hospitality sector.Lavi Nigam is a data scientist with 8+ years of experience in AI and machine learning. He has worked with clients such as Boeing, Fujitsu, and Nokia, helping them to streamline their operations with various deep learning, natural language processing, and computer vision products. He is a frequent speaker at industry events and has earned various accolades for his contributions to the Indian AI space. Krishna Bhavsar is a mentor and adjunct faculty member with over 12 years of experience in delivering solutions and platforms in various industry domains such as hospitality, banking, healthcare, and recruitment. His areas of expertise include NLP, machine learning, social media analytics, chatbots, deep learning frameworks, and text mining.Girijesh Prasad is a data scientist with 8+ years of experience. His commercial tech publication, Natural Language Processing with Python - Cookbook, was released in November 2017 with Packt publishing house. Ark Mishra is an influencer manager with 7+ years of industry experience in data science, deep learning, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data analysis.The next step in the process is to fill out the detailed Application Form. Thanks for expressing interest - for faster processing of your candidature, please fill out the form. After submitting, you will proceed to fill out the scholarship form. 100+ Essential Tools Designed by Industry Experts will be available to you as part of the Post Graduate Diploma in AI ML Certification Program, along with real-world experience gained from working on industry projects.This text contains information on several different projects involving predictive modeling. The first project is on chatbot development, using a dataset to create models that can predict customer intent. The second project is on predicting chronic kidney disease progression, using a dataset of patient information. The third project is on beer consumption, using a dataset of beer drinkers to predict future behavior. The fourth project is on retail customer segmentation, using a dataset of customer purchase data. The fifth project is on credit score analysis, using a dataset of customer credit scores. The sixth and final project is on housing price prediction, using a dataset of census data.The dataset has various demographics and details captured.Based on this data, you will be provided with a dataset containing records from the new crime incident report system, which includes a reduced set of fields focused on capturing the incident and when ... Forecast Air Passenger Traffic Live Session An Airline called Star Air has the data of its passengers across months.The data is classified in date/time and the passengers travelling per month.Build a model to forecast the ... More Details Twitter Sentiment Analysis Live Session Analyzing the tweets helps us in understanding the thoughts and sentiments of people over any popular topic.It helps us to understand what people are thinking about the trend.Her... More Details Resort Menu Prediction Live Session Emerald Oyster is affected by the high cost of meals at multiple restaurants within the resort.To resolve this issue, they need a new menu and choices based on the economical cond... More Details Telecom Churn Prediction Live Session A telecom company wants you to analyze its data, to keep its customers.The 'Telecom Churn' dataset will be used to predict which customers are likely to churn. The 'Employee Attrition' dataset will be used to analyze employee attrition rates. The 'Video Games Sales' dataset will be used to analyze global video game sales trends. The 'Ad-Click' dataset will be used to predict ad click-through rates. The 'PUBG Data Analysis' dataset will be used to analyze data from the popular game PUBG.The text provides information on various live sessions that will be held on topics related to machine learning and AI. These include sessions onDetecting andrecognizing traffic signs, fraudulent credit card transactions, and identifying objects using a pre-trained Mask R-CNN model.Edureka's PG Diploma Artificial Intelligence Course with NIT Warangal exposes students to problems and use cases from different industries, providing a comprehensive education in AI. The course syllabus is designed to cater to multiple audiences, and upon completion, students will be able to confidently apply AI in any field.The text discusses AI ML certification courses offered by Edureka. These courses are focused on helping learners understand and practice python basics, and then move on to intermediate level courses such as Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Sequence Learning. The courses offer in-class demos, question banks, in-class practice questions, tests, and projects so that learners can practice their skills. Enrolling in the courses also exposes learners to industrial projects for AI certification from NIT Warangal. They will also have the opportunity to learn from and engage with industry professionals. According to payscale.com, the average salary for an AI and Machine Learning Engineer in India is 701,354, and in the US is $112,837.This is an 11-month long, fully online, instructor-led post-graduation course in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. The course is designed to help professionals land high-paying roles in the growing Artificial Intelligence industry. The mode of teaching is 100% live online classes, and recordings of missed classes are made available within 12 hours. The course also comes with 24/7 technical support and experienced professionals delivering the live online sessions.The data revolution has created a need for machine learning experts who can interpret and make use of this data. Jobs in machine learning are in high demand, but there is a lack of potential candidates. Our Artificial Intelligence Course syllabus with NIT Warangal have been designed by Top Experts in the field of AIML industries to help you get into this domain. With the right guidance and skills, you can benefit from better salaries and job opportunities.The demand for machine learning engineers worldwide has resulted in better salaries. The PG Diploma in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning course will be conducted on weekends and will require 8-10 hours of commitment per week. The course will cover topics such as AI systems and Machine learning algorithms.This is a training course for those interested in a career in AI. The course is accredited by E&ICT Academy, NIT Warangal and is open to anyone with a background in physics, chemistry, and mathematics. Upon completion of the course, students will receive a high standard AI certification.The E&ICT Academy, NIT Warangal, and Edureka are offering a Post Graduation Diploma program in AI and Machine Learning. The program is open to anyone passionate about Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. The mentors for the program are industry experts with leading organizations and have 12+ years of experience in their fields. After completing the program, students will receive an industry-recognized AI Certification from the E&ICT Academy, NIT Warangal, and Edureka.The E&ICT Academy at NITW is offering an Artificial Intelligence Certification program. Candidates who are shortlisted for the program will need to appear for an interview, and if selected, will receive an admission offer letter. The course fees for the program are 2,22,450 (exclusive of taxes), and there is an EMI option available. The program is non-refundable and non-cancellable.The text describes the commitment of the company to provide a smooth learning experience for their students. They will make sure that students learn from the best AI courses and that they have access to multiple doubt clearing sessions and 1-on-1 supervised learning sessions. In exceptional cases, students can reach out to their learning manager with any concerns.The Rasa framework is used by developers to create intent-based chatbots. In this project, we will use RASA NLU and RASA CORE to build a conversational chatbot. The dataset for this project is taken from India and contains 400 rows with 26 features. The goal is to use this data to predict the quantity of beer consumption based on the climate conditions of a given day.The text discusses the use of clustering methods to find high credit score clusters of customers, in order to help a company better understand how to market their products. Additionally, the text describes how to build a model to forecast demand in airplanes, using tools such as Pandas, Scipy, and Numpy.The text contains information about a project to analyze the sentiments of trending Twitter tags, and to predict customer churn for a telecom company. The dataset for the project will be provided. The task is to create a model to predict which customers will switch to other providers, based on relevant customer data. Finally, the text mentions employee attrition, and the task of creating a web app to predict whether an employee will leave the company or not.The text describes various data analysis and prediction tasks that a data scientist may be required to perform. These include analyzing trends in global sales, predicting click-through rates on ads, and categorizing multimedia collections. The text also describes how to use various machine learning models to carry out these tasks. Finally, the text describes how to use web scraping to collect data on the spread of COVID-19.This text describes how to build a CNN model using various tools to detect and classify traffic signals for new self-driving cars. The machine learning engineer will create a model to detect objects using a pre-trained MaskRCNN model. Credit card companies need to recognize fraudulent credit card transactions, so the goal is to build a classification model to identify them.