Fuzzy logic is a rule-based system that can take into account the experience of an operator. It has been in use for over 20 years, mostly in Japan, but is becoming more popular in the US. It has a wide range of applications, from cameras to stock trading.Fuzzy logic is a type of logic that can be applied to systems with multiple inputs and outputs, and is especially well suited to nonlinear systems. Many engineers avoid using fuzzy logic due to a lack of understanding, but it does not have to be difficult to understand.Fuzzy logic is a way of representing values between 0 and 1 that can be applied to various inputs and outputs in order to produce a desired output. In this example, temperature is the input and fan speed is the output. Three membership functions are created for the input (cold, warm, hot) and three are created for the output (slow, medium, fast). A set of rules is then applied to the membership functions to yield the desired output.The text describes how to create a rule-based system for controlling a system, using membership functions to produce crisp output values. As an example, if the input value is 52 degrees, two rules are applied and the output functions are truncated at the height of the intersecting points. The area under the curves for each membership function is then added to give us a total area.This text provides a brief explanation of how fuzzy logic systems work, with a focus on how LabVIEW can be used to simplify the process of building such a system. It is important to note that fuzzy logic is not a cure-all for all control system needs, and that traditional methods may still be combined with fuzzy logic to produce a more dynamic system.This article discusses the difficulties associated with validating a fuzzy logic system, and cautions against its use in safety-critical applications. It provides a brief introduction to the topic and suggests further reading for those interested in learning more.The website uses cookies to improve the user experience. Necessary cookies are required for the website to function properly, while non-necessary cookies collect user data for analytics and advertising purposes. Users can opt-out of non-necessary cookies if they wish.