Fuzzy logic is a method of reasoning that resembles human reasoning. The approach of fuzzy logic imitates the way of decision making in humans that involves all intermediate possibilities between digital values YES and NO. The conventional logic block that a computer can understand takes precise input and produces a definite output as TRUE or FALSE, which is equivalent to humans YES or NO. The inventor of fuzzy logic, Lotfi Zadeh, observed that unlike computers, the human decision making includes a range of possibilities between YES and NO, such as CERTAINLY YES POSSIBLY YES CANNOT SAY POSSIBLY NO CERTAINLY NO The fuzzy logic works on the levels of possibilities of input to achieve the definite output. Fuzzy logic is useful for commercial and practical purposes. It can be implemented in systems with various sizes and capabilities ranging from small micro-controllers to large, networked, workstation-based control systems. It can be implemented in hardware, software, or a combination of both.Fuzzy logic is a system that helps to deal with the uncertainty in engineering. It has four main parts: fuzzification, knowledge base, inference engine, and defuzzification. The fuzzification module transforms crisp numbers into fuzzy sets. The knowledge base stores IF-THEN rules provided by experts. The inference engine makes fuzzy inference on the inputs and IF-THEN rules. The defuzzification module transforms the fuzzy set into a crisp value.Fuzzy logic is a mathematical approach to dealing with imprecise or incomplete data. It quantifies the degree of membership of an element in a set, with the membership values ranging from 0 to 1. Simple membership functions are typically used, as complex functions do not add more precision to the output. The most common type of membership function is the triangular function, but other types include trapezoidal, singleton, and Gaussian. In a 5-level fuzzy logic system, the input ranges from -10 volts to +10 volts. An example of a fuzzy logic system is an air conditioning system that adjusts the temperature by comparing the room temperature to the target temperature. To use a fuzzy logic system, one must first define the linguistic variables and terms, and then construct the membership functions. For room temperature, terms such as cold, warm, and hot can be used.Fuzzy logic is a mathematical system that can be used to approximate human reasoning. In this system, variables can take on any value within a range, and each value has a corresponding membership function. This allows for more nuanced reasoning than traditional systems that only allow for two values (true or false, for example). Fuzzy logic systems have many applications, including in automotive systems, consumer electronics, and domestic appliances. They have the advantage of being relatively simple to implement and understand.Fuzzy logic systems (FLSs) are flexible and can be easily modified by adding or deleting rules. They are also able to handle imprecise, distorted, and noisy input information. FLSs are suitable for problems that do not require high accuracy.