Fuzzy logic is a many-valued logic form which may have truth values of variables in any real number between 0 and 1. It is useful in situations where it is difficult to decide whether a statement is true or false. The fuzzy logic algorithm helps to solve a problem after considering all available data and takes the best possible decision for the given input. The FL method imitates the way of decision making in a human which considers all the possibilities between digital values T and F. Some advantages of fuzzy logic systems are that they are more efficient and accurate than other logic systems and they can handle more complex problems. However, some disadvantages of fuzzy logic systems are that they can be difficult to understand and implement.The term fuzzy logic was first used by Lotfi Zadeh in 1965. He observed that conventional computer logic was not capable of manipulating data representing subjective or unclear human ideas. Fuzzy algorithm has been applied to various fields, from control theory to AI. It was designed to allow the computer to determine the distinctions among data which is neither true nor false.Fuzzy logic should be built with the complete guidance of experts.However, fuzzy logic is never a cure for all. The recent update in fuzzy theory provides various methods for the design and tuning of fuzzy controllers. This updates significantly reduce the number of the fuzzy set of rules. It allows you to convert, crisp numbers into fuzzy sets.Crisp inputs measured by sensors and passed into the control system for further processing.This text discusses the use of fuzzy logic in digital system design. Fuzzy logic is a technique that allows for imprecise or inexact data to be used in calculations. This can be useful in situations where traditional methods would fail or provide inaccurate results. The text provides several examples of companies that have used fuzzy logic in their products.Fuzzy logic is a type of artificial intelligence that is used to control various systems in a variety of different ways. Nissan uses fuzzy logic to control the brakes in hazardous cases, while Canon uses it to adjust the drum voltage in copy machines. Other uses for fuzzy logic include cruise control, elevator control, and golf club selection.Fuzzy logic is a type of AI that is used to control machines and consumer products. It is easy to use and understand, and is mostly robust. However, it is not always accurate, and the results are based on assumption, which may not be widely accepted.